The self-regulated learning survey has four significant sections:
self-efficacy, metacognition, strategies, and motivation. Within those sections
are skills and how to improve them. In the categories of self-efficacy and
motivation, I got an average score. When it came to the categories
metacognition and strategies I got a lower score. So I feel that because of my
score that I should focus on improving those two categories.  Metacognition is
an awareness of one’s thought processes and understanding of the patterns
behind them. Within the Metacognition section, there are three skills but I
will be focusing on two of them. The first skill I’m going to work on is
evaluation. The test showed that I don’t usually take the time to reflect on my
work. The strategies that were given didn’t seem like the best option for me. I
may use them every once in a while but not consistently. So I made two of my
own strategies to use. The first one is to look back over the work that has
been graded. I can compare my work and see what was good about it, what was
wrong with it, and overall how to make it better. The second strategy connects
with the first one. If I still am unable to understand what is wrong with my
work and where it needs improving then I will go to the teacher and ask. The
second skill I’m going to work on is planning. On the test, I got a low score
meaning that I don’t take the time to plan out my work. To improve this skill I
also have two strategies. The first one is one of the suggested strategies, it
suggests that you should Brainstorm multiple ways to approach an assignment or
an activity and choose the best option. The second strategy is one that I made
myself. I plan to start reading through what an assignment or an activity
entails so I can plan out the best way to approach it. By applying these
strategies I truly feel that it will improve my Meracagaition skill.  The next
section that I would like to address is strategies. Strategies are a set of
skills that help you accomplish tasks more efficiently and effectively. There
are four skills in this section but I will only be working on two of them. I
scored low on managing time and understanding, because of that I feel these
would be the best to focus on. The first skill that I want to look at is time
management. I feel that two of the recommended strategies would work really
well for me. The first one is working on the more important things first. Most
of the time I only work on the easy thing and leave the hard things for later.
The second strategy that I plan to use is keeping track of how long an
assignment takes. Most of the time I don’t really know how long something will
take me but, if I keep track then I will be able to plan better. The second
skill that I want to work on is understanding. I feel as though the strategies
given would not work for me so I made my own that was based on the ones that
were given. Instead of studying last-minute study by making different practice
tests or quizzes for yourself. So when a test or quiz is coming you can study
by using the practice test and quizzes you made. My ability to Strategies will
greatly improve by applying these strategies.  One of the strategies is to set
a reasonable goal for yourself. Although I would like to improve all of the
skills that were given it would not be a reasonable goal right now. I feel that
these new skills will be good starting points. I know that if I try I can truly
master all of these skills.