This term I am committed to challenging my motivation when it comes to test
taking. The self-regulated learning survey results explained that there needs
to be an increase in morale before an exam. Some strategies I am committed to
using are challenging negative thoughts, creating a schedule, developing good
test taking skills, positive self talk, reviewing and adapting learning
techniques and lastly positive self talk. When developing good test taking
skills the feedback suggests answering the easier questions first, to free up
time for the more difficult questions. I will also take a step back or take a
moment to regroup and collect my thoughts before my anxiety begins to be a
problem. I am committed to this method because finding new and the most
effective ways of learning is important. Second, When challenging negative
thoughts the results say to ask yourself if the thoughts I am having are
rational. I found it easy for my mentality to change from positive to negative,
this is why I want to practice this approach. Another piece of feedback was to
create a schedule. I should designate times for studying as well as worksheets,
review, and practice exams. Positive self talk is something that I struggle
with, especially when it comes to test taking. I plan on changing the way I
look at the time leading up to an exam. I am committed to positive self talk
because I think this is a big part of why I have more anxiety than the normal
person. When practicing relaxation techniques the feedback relays that I should
find breathing techniques and find a way to calm the mind. Relaxation is what I
will have to progress the most, That is why I am most committed to this
technique. Lastly, the self-regulated learning survey results and the feedback
told me I need to review and adapt learning techniques. One technique is to
create a study plan. Another method is the process of elimination, finding what
review options are best for me and what approaches aren't. When working towards
an exam and finding ways to study, these practices will help me to absorb as
much information as I can and stay motivated. I wish to stay focused and
intrigued with the material. I will take all these suggestions and use them
this term because I am committed to learning to my best ability this term.