I feel as though my Self-Regulated Learning results were very accurate. My
lowest scores were self efficiency for reading, managing test anxiety, and
managing my environment. I do agree that these are examples of my biggest
weaknesses when it comes to learning.  Although I enjoy reading as a hobby, I
tend to have doubts about my reading abilities when it comes to assessments.
This is just in terms of answering questions based on difficult passages, or
understanding word problems. The fear of getting things wrong makes me second
guess my initial answers. In order to improve on this I have been trying to
relax and focus when I encounter a reading question. I have also been
practicing on choosing my initial answer instead of overthinking.  Test anxiety
is another thing I struggle with because I am not the best test taker. I get
very nervous leading up to exams, and especially when I begin to take them. I
always do my best when studying, but the anxiety gets the best of me and I tend
to forget things I know. I try to study key points and engrave the knowledge in
my brain to a point where it can't be forgotten. Using videos, study guides,
and additional practice problems has proven to help me retain information and
relieve some anxiety.  Managing my study environment has also been a struggle
throughout school. Distractions are a weakness for me because I tend to lack
motivation when I get overwhelmed. This happens when I have a lot of schoolwork
and assignments due that stress me out. I have some trouble prioritizing
studying for tests when I have assignments due, but it can all get to be too
much. I find myself taking breaks on my phone or just sleeping when I feel like
I am drowning in assignments. Another problem I encounter is trying to study or
do homework in crowded areas. I will bring my assignments to a family gathering
or a friend's house, so I don't miss out on things, but this isn't an efficient
way to help myself learn. I either don't retain the information because of the
noise, or I just get distracted and stop what I'm doing. I have found that
putting my phone in another room, and staying with my study materials in a
silent area is greatly beneficial. Not only do I get more done, but I genuinely
understand what I am studying which allows me to improve.  Overall, I have been
able to reflect a lot on myself as a learning through the results of my
Self-Regulated Learning assessment, and I will be using many of the strategies
to help me improve as a student when I attend the University at Albany.
Specifically: studying in a quiet place, developing better test taking skills,
challenging negative thoughts, and using positive self talk for self
efficiency.