After reviewing my self-regulated learning survey, I realize I lack skills
hindering my efficiency and effectiveness as a learner. In this essay, I will
explore skills I can use to maximize my potential as a learner. I will examine
my self-efficacy and apply proper learning strategies. I believe that if I can
find what is missing and use these tools effectively, I will be better equipped
not only as a student but as a person overall.  According to the survey, I
scored relatively high regarding my self-efficacy in three subjects:
mathematics, writing, and online learning. I will focus this section on tools
to assess my area in approvement with reading. The fact that I scored low in
reading is no surprise to me. As a student, I have struggled with being an
effective reader for as long as I can remember. I attended summer reading
programs and had extra courses throughout grade school and middle school. My
confidence lacks in terms of memory. I find myself having trouble remembering
critical parts of a reading passage. To help this, I am going to impose a
specific reading strategy. The strategy I believe will help me the most is
creating an annotating system. Part of the reason I have trouble remembering
critical aspects of texts is that I tend to move right on to the next idea.
Taking the time to take notes on what I am reading will help me understand the
information. The engagement I will be making will reduce the chances I will
have to reread the text.  The next aspect of the survey I will examine is my
strategy use. I can review information until it’s mastered by effectively
questioning and processing it with critical thinking. Also, I can seek out
assistance when I need it. The two areas I need proper strategy for are
managing my environment and time. I tend to let people interrupt me when I am
learning, although I try to study in places with limited distractions. However,
I tend to let my electronics distract me even when alone. While home, I will
ask my roommate to allow me quiet time. I will either turn off my nearby
electronics or put them on do not disturb. These strategies will allow me to
focus on my work with a more leveled and engaged mind. A common phrase you will
hear often is “time is of the essence.” Time is finite, and we need to maximize
it. To do this, I will start to use a calendar to mark due dates for
assignments and other vital activities. I will also prioritize my tasks. I will
begin by creating a list of all my schoolwork. I will then identify the due
dates. And finally, I will assess how much time each task will take. It is
essential to manage your workload. I will start with an extensive assignment
and shift to minor work when I lose patience with the larger one.  To conclude,
I realize that the survey provides insight into my learner type. The survey
also showed me what I do well with and which areas I need to improve. I will
apply the skills and strategies provided to me to maximize my ability to learn.
I believe that annotating notes while I read, eliminating distractions, and
scheduling assignments in advance will make me a better student for the rest of
my studies.