After taking the self regulated learning survey it's clear that my learning
skills could use some improvement. My results showed me that did slightly
better with motivation and self efficacy than with strategies and
metacognition. I aim on using these results to better improve my learning
throughout the semester.  My overall score for self efficacy was emerging,
which tells me that my confidence tends to fluctuate depending on the
particular task. I feel that Is pretty accurate because I tend to be way less
efficient went asked to do things I tend to struggle with such as math. I
strategy I can use to help improve my math skills would be to practice problems
and quiz myself outside of the classroom. Also asking for whenever I might need
it is essential if I want to improve.  Something I struggle with the most is
managing my time effectively. The results showed that I do not frequently use
strategies to manage my time. I tend to procrastinate all of my assignments
until the last minute, often resulting in rushed or poor work. Some of the
strategies that I plan on using are to start working several days in advance of
the due dates and to start setting aside set times for work in a weekly
calendar. Being more organized will definitely help me get my work done
quicker. I am going to be very committed to these strategies because I can’t
afford to procrastinate this semester.  The test implies that I don’t tend to
use metacognition skills as much as I should be. I do not often reflect on and
evaluate my thinking, learning and school work. If I was more metacognitive I
would be more aware of what interferes with my learning.  Some strategies that
I can use in order to improve my metacognition skills would be to ask myself
what it really is I’m suppose to be learning and what the takeaways might be.
Establishing what it is Im looking for will help my understanding of the
material. After completing assignments I can also ask myself what worked well
and what I struggled with. Targeting what I did better at will help me for
future assignments.  Overall my learning skills could use a lot of work. There
are many areas that I don’t give enough attention or thought. With the help of
the survey I plan on improving the way I learn by using the helpful strategies
given to me.