It appears that my survey results are a true reflection of how I see myself as
a student. I practice many of the learning skills and strategies frequently but
not consistently and not to the full scope that I should to achieve being a
successful student. My self-efficacy is overall emerging, which means I am in
the middle. This more than likely is due to both math and online learning
self-efficacy being low while my reading is medium and writing is high. When it
comes to developing and maintaining strategies to learn, there is a lot of room
for improvement. It would be very beneficial to plan out study time, methods,
strategies and the study environment prior to me hitting the books. This would
allow me to maximize effectiveness and efficiency of my study time.

It is also very important asses before and after each study session. This is
not a habit or practice that I engage in with frequency. Typically I am reading
to complete the task, not learn from the task. After an assignment is complete,
I usually struggle with recalling information and applying it as needed or
required.

This survey provided me with a lot of valuable insight and tools I can use to
help me become a better and more successful student. It is important for me to
be more consistent in utilizing the strategies that I currently use frequently.
And it is essential for me to develop methods to incorporate and use the
strategies that I do not currently use frequently.  For example, to increase my
self-efficacy in math and online learning, I planned to have a more positive
outlook and be more positive in my mindset and approach to online classes. One
way to do this is by working to improve managing my time by developing a weekly
schedule and adhering to the schedule. This will prevent me from feeling rushed
and anxious each week and afford me ample time to review the material over a
period of time, as opposed to in one sitting. Another strategy I would like to
implement is improving metacognition. If I am disciplined to commit to plan
study time and planning, reviewing and assessing my thinking, I believe I can
improve as a student and as a learner.