According to my self-regulated learning survey or SRL it was determined that I
have many of the necessary skills that are required to complete my college
education successfully. My self-efficacy was rated in the high range and my
strategies assessment suggested that I frequently use learning strategies to
aid my education. Following that both my metacognition and my motivation were
also tested in the high range. Both of those assessments suggest that I will be
motivated, meticulous, and able to assess myself accordingly. I would say that
the assessment was a fair judgement of my character. As for the strategies that
I intend to use the most for my successful educational experience at SUNY
Albany it will probably be focusing on my self-efficacy and staying motivated.
During most of my education staying motivated and organized always helped me
stay on task and accomplished my tasks in a timely manner. In the learning
survey mindset is a very key element to having a prosperous career both in and
out of college. I am a firm believer in having the ability to sit down, learn
and apply myself until I can accomplish a task to the best of my ability. To
achieve such a task, it takes patience and fortitude. Meaning that I know from
experience that when I don’t understand something right away It can become
frustrating, the way I have found to combat that type of negative behavior is
by sitting with the information and reaching out to the resources that are
allocated to me for me to understand and finish successfully. All these types
of learning strategies can be lumped in the metacognition assessment. The
metacognition assessment is my overall ability to plan, monitor, and evaluate.
As previously stated, I tested in the high range in those categories and intend
on utilizing my ability to plan for my future assignments and a lot the
required time to complete the task. Going into the fall semester at Albany I am
very eager to go in with the proper mindset and the right amount of dedication
and patience it requires for me to graduate on time.