The results from the self-regulated learning assessment gave me a bit of
insight on how I learn and function as a person. I learned about my
self-efficacy, test anxiety, motivation, and metacognition. My self-efficacy is
emerging which means my confidence goes up and down with certain tasks. I have
many self-doubts when learning, which can cause me to give up prematurely and
to avoid things. I need to use metacognition more I don't use it as often as I
should. I don’t consistently reflect/evaluate my thinking, learning, and
schoolwork. Therefore, after I’m done with an assignment, I don’t necessarily
think about how well I performed or how I can improve my learning. This
assignment is the first time in a long time that I’ve thought about how I
performed and etcetera. I should ask myself am I learning what I am supposed
to? What was the most important thing I learned?” and “What can I do better
next time?”. I need to keep a list of learning strategies that work best for
me. I also need to work on my time management. I have gotten better but I still
struggle. I need to plan and schedule better of how to study and etcetera. My
motivation is in the developing stage. I found out that means my scores across
the four areas were not as developed as they could be. I have learned I am
someone who thinks with a mixed mindset. At times I believe that intelligence
can be changed with effort but sometimes I have a fixed mindset. Due to my
mindset, it influences my behavior. It is important for me to focus on
developing a growth mindset. I occasionally use strategies to remember and
understand course content. My test anxiety was high as well. In order to lower
my test anxiety, I will try to use relaxation techniques, say positive things
to myself about my likelihood success, and create study plans as well as times.
Whenever I need help, I frequently ask for assistance from others when I need
it. I tend to limit my environmental distractions when completing my schoolwork
or any tasks.