My self regulated learning survey result shows that although I have many
strengths in learning, there are still things that I need to improve to
succeed. In the Self-efficacy section, I succeed in mathematics and doing fine
in online learning. But for reading and writing, I still need improvements to
make my results more confident. Some strategies that I would use to increase
reading and writing would be seeking for help, breaking down tasks, and getting
feedback and separating feedbacks into components. I would need people such as
peers to help me with my issues and referencing their feedbacks to see what I
need to improve.

My motivation results would be emerging because my result for mastery
orientation is high but with high anxiety and fixed mindset. I often would
wonder if I can get a good grade on my exams and feel stress when taking a test
so my results for anxiety would be high. I decided to create schedules, plan my
study time as a strategy, and practice positive self talk so I would be more
confident and have less anxiety when taking a test.

In my metacognition results, I scored in the medium range and that I still need
to learn some skills to learn and complete college level courses. It would be
best if I can control my thinking so I can understand things deeply and
remember things longer to do better in school. I sometimes reflect on and
evaluates in the way how I usually study and complete my work which leads to
not thinking about I can improve my learning to become better at it. I
frequently monitor my thoughts such as writing down things that are difficult
to me so I can keep track of how well I am performing. I also frequently plan
out how I am going to finish my goals and think about the most important part
to perform well on my assignment. I am going to use the strategy of planning
for everything first before I start a task.

I tend to think and use lots of strategies so I make sure I won't be struggling
on just a tiny little problem. I occasionally use strategies to remember and
understand my coursework. But, I can also improve my understandings by using
concept maps and making summaries to elaborate on the informations. I
frequently manage my time well so I make sure that I don't waste time when I
can use it to do something important. I am also commonly seeking out for
assistance when I need help and limit environmental distractions when
completing schoolwork. Some ways that I will be consider doing to improve
myself is staying at a quiet place and minimizing the use of technologies
unrelated to schoolwork.