Self-efficacy is confidence in your ability to do something, Self-efficacy
ranges from all topics including, reading, writing, online learning and math.
My overall score is considered Emerging, compiling the scores in multiple
different topics. An Emerging score means that I have some Self-efficacy for
certain tasks. Scoring medium for math, reading and writing and scoring a high
for online learning, my Self-efficacy scores are fairly strong. Getting help is
considered a way of improvement for Self-efficacy, contacting professors and
peers may help improve my Self-efficacy score. Feedback is also an important
part of Self-efficacy, feedback can help encourage and promote learning in an
online environment, after all, confidence is key.  The strategies portion of
the SRL scored lower as I am considered to be occasionally using some of the
strategies listed. I tend to do poorly managing my environment, this includes
studying in quiet places, reducing distractions and having multiple study
places. I scored better on the help-seeking portion, I tend to do well reaching
out to professors and advisors, I believe peers have an inert role with
help-seeking as well. To improve study strategies appropriate time management
is key, I tend to do well with time management. Spreading out study sessions
into shorter intervals may also help to improve my strategies portion.
Improving my learning strategies will help boost my "tool box" of information
related to study strategies. This portion showed how to improve my "tool box"
and succeed with upcoming coursework. Motivation was also considered emerging,
meaning I am on the right path.  Motivation can be influenced by test anxiety,
goal orientation and test anxiety. My test anxiety score was considered high,
meaning I feel uncomfortable with test taking and studying. High anxiety can
lead to poor scores, to improve test anxiety relaxation techniques can be
employed along with breathing exercises and scheduling. Mastery orientation and
mindset both scored high, meaning I value learning and actually enjoy learning.
Having a growth mindset is of upmost importance when increasing intelligence
and brain plasticity, I scored well and am considered to have a growth mindset.
A "can-do" mindset will work wonders in college as work load is intense,
reminding myself that I can do and will do assignments will lead to better
grades.  Finally, metacognition, metacognition refers to the ability to control
and react to learning. Scoring within the medium range means I have room for
improvement. My planning subset of the SRL scored highest of the bunch, I tend
to always use a written planner and try my best to stay on task. Evaluation and
monitoring both scored lower at mediums. I sometimes evaluate in ways in which
I can study and learn, to improve it is recommended that I reflect more on
learning topics and ways in which I can improve assignments. Monitoring
includes staying on task, making sure I retain information and complete
assignments within my scope. Making lists can help improve my monitoring
abilities, a list for things I do well with and others that I do not do as well
with. Self monitoring is one of the most important skills for college, being
critical and analytical of my own work does wonders.