The feedback from my self-regulated learning survey shows that I am very
confident in whatever I do. I am a truly believer in what you want you can
have, just must be willing and dedicated to do the work. Learning to be
committed to the process is what allows me to be so successful in whatever I
put my mind too. Because I know every failure is really another steppingstone
to getting to where you want to be. My motivation from the survey was as high
as my self-efficacy. As I stated earlier, you must be dedicated to the process
and not to the outcome. You will struggle the entire way if all you see is the
outcome and not focus on what exactly is getting you there. No matter how much
I struggle on my way to my goal, I will never give up because I am dedicated to
the process of accomplishing it. The survey also showed me how my strategy
thinking skills are which is called metacognition. Metacognition is thinking
about your thinking. It involves being aware of your thoughts and controlling
how you approach learning. As the years passed and I made it a priority to
ensure I am learning something throughout the years that can be beneficial to
my day-to-day thinking. It also stated that I do things like planning,
monitoring, and evaluating yourself. Being in most of my life it has made me
pick up habits like being organized, awareness, planning etc. The amount of
discipline it has instilled is amazing.  A few strategies I intended to use go
over the links, helpful resources, and websites they provided for me to help me
in the areas I’m not so great in. I always want to be the best version of
myself so anything that will better be not only as a person but also my
personal skills I will happily accept. It’s difficult to come across free and
educational information for almost anything now a days so I’m always open. I
think this survey not just the self-regulated part of the assessment is awesome
but the assessment as whole. It always you to see areas that you need to work
on personally down to your mental awareness.