My results from the Self-Regulated Learning Assessment broadened my outlook
when looking at my work habits. It backed up my patterns that I was aware of,
but it also made me aware of things that I never really looked at or thought
about. It backed up my knowledge of my self-efficency because I’ve always been
aware of what I need to do and always make sure I know how to meet those goals.
Another characteristic of mine that was backed up by the assessment is getting
help and understanding. No matter what the subject or topic is, when I’m
learning something new and it’s not clicking the way I want it to I tend to get
frustrated because I can’t stand when information doesn’t process correctly in
my head. So, in times like these I always ask my teacher/instructor if they
have any tips or tricks that would allow me to process the information better.
Another work habit of mine that was highlighted in the assessment was time
management where I got a ⅓. Time management is definitely a weak point for me
especially because I am a procrastinator, for example, I procrastinated doing
this writing portion of this assessment until I got another email from the
university reminding me that this was required and I needed to have it
completed by the time I met with my advisor. Due to time management being a
weakness of mine I will definitely begin using the strategies given. I was
looking through the strategies for prioritizing tasks. It says making a list of
assignments and their due dates along with their difficulty and organizing
assignment completion that way. I have never really been one to use a planner
or agenda, but it seems like that would be a good option to help me organize my
assignments and to have a constant reminder that I most likely have assignments
I should be working on. One thing that the assessment made me more aware of is
that I am actually very good and consistent at planning out my assignments, but
because I procrastinate I always plan to do them at the last minute. Part of
the reason why I think I do this is because when I procrastinate assignments or
projects I give myself very little time to complete them so I am very motivated
to complete them and I do some of my best work when I procrastinate. The
biggest problem with it though is that it causes me a lot of stress, although I
always get the assignment done, the entire time I am working on it I feel like
I will not have enough time and it causes me to feel very anxious.