My self-regulated learning survey results tell me that I doubt myself mostly
when it comes to online learning (i.e working with peers). However, I do have
high confidence in my ability to do well in reading courses, as well as writing
courses. I have a high confidence in writing and reading because these two
subjects have always been my best areas of coursework. In reading and writing,
I have always found myself to be attentive, willing to participate, and always
understanding of the lesson. I do have moments where I am caught up in the
difficulties (i.e difficulty of the reading or analysis of a text), however,
with the help of other peers in the same classroom and with deeper analysis
throughout the lesson, I am able to gain a better understanding at the end of
the class then when I first came in. On the other hand, I have found my
confidence lowest in mathematics and online learning. I believe that my
confidence is lowest in these subjects because I have not always been the best
in the social aspect in terms of an academic environment. As for mathematics, I
have not always been the best in the mathematical field. Math has always been a
difficult subject for me no matter how much I've focused on the subject. This
is why I put on my survey that I somewhat agree with the fact that you can
change the way you learn, because it all depends on ones ability to do well in
said subject. The strategies that I'll use this term is time-management,
help-seeking, understanding, and studying in order to do my best this following
term. By utilizing time-management, I will better b e able to get my work done
for each of my courses this term, without having to worry about cramming or
feeling like I am doing last minute work without properly understanding and
taking in the work that I am doing.  Utilizing time management will also allow
me to have more free time and work on other extracurriculars that I am
interested in while I'm on campus. Additionally, help-seeking will also help me
in the academic field because I will be able to better pick up on the
curriculum instead of being set back because off misunderstanding.