The self-regulated learning survey results helped make clear what areas of my
learning skills I may need to improve upon. One area that caught my attention
was the "Self-Efficacy" portion of the results, which was stated as being "your
confidence in your ability to do something. I scored mid-range, which means
that while I have some supportive qualities, there are some areas where I can
improve. For example, my result in the subcategory "Online Learning" was low,
while my result in the "Mathematics" subcategory was high. This shows me that I
am confident in my ability to comprehend and do well in math classes, but I am
not confident in my ability to learn online. Reading more, I discovered some
strategies I could use to improve upon my confidence. For example, I can take
tutorials online that would get me acquainted with using certain systems, like
Blackboard, Canvas, etc. I found that I could also get used to the layout and
material of my courses at the start of my semester, so I do not fall behind.
With that being said, I also was made aware of how well I manage my
environment, especially for studying. The assessment showed that I frequently
used strategies to minimize distractions and to make sure I have the best
learning environment possible. Conversely, the assessment showed that I have a
medium amount of testing anxiety, and I probably worry about how well I might
perform on a test. To combat this, the SRL survey recommends that I create a
schedule to help with studying and comprehension of material. The survey also
showed that I could benefit from using relaxation techniques, such as
meditation, and that I could also practice positive self-talk to boost my
morale. I think I would be committed to using all of these strategies that I
have listed. Not only are they simple, but they are not stressful to practice
using and would surely benefit my learning experience. They would also improve
some other areas of my life outside of school and would help teach me skills
that I can bring with me after I graduate. The skills were also explained to me
in a way that I could start implementing them today, as to be prepared for what
lies ahead with college. All in all, I believe that I have learned more about
some of my weak areas, and I am committed to improving upon them before the
start of the semester.